# TriggerExampleInputBeta

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**accessRequestId** | **string** | The unique ID of the access request. | [default to undefined]
**requestedFor** | [**Array&lt;AccessItemRequestedForDtoBeta&gt;**](AccessItemRequestedForDtoBeta.md) | Identities access was requested for. | [default to undefined]
**requestedItems** | [**Array&lt;AccessRequestPreApprovalRequestedItemsInnerBeta&gt;**](AccessRequestPreApprovalRequestedItemsInnerBeta.md) | Details of the access items being requested. | [default to undefined]
**requestedBy** | [**AccessItemRequesterDtoBeta**](AccessItemRequesterDtoBeta.md) |  | [default to undefined]
**requestedItemsStatus** | [**Array&lt;AccessRequestPostApprovalRequestedItemsStatusInnerBeta&gt;**](AccessRequestPostApprovalRequestedItemsStatusInnerBeta.md) | Details on the outcome of each access item. | [default to undefined]
**source** | [**AccountUncorrelatedSourceBeta**](AccountUncorrelatedSourceBeta.md) |  | [default to undefined]
**status** | **object** | The overall status of the collection. | [default to undefined]
**started** | **string** | The date and time when the account collection started. | [default to undefined]
**completed** | **string** | The date and time when the account collection finished. | [default to undefined]
**errors** | **Array&lt;string&gt;** | A list of any accumulated error messages that occurred during provisioning. | [default to undefined]
**warnings** | **Array&lt;string&gt;** | A list of any accumulated warning messages that occurred during provisioning. | [default to undefined]
**stats** | [**AccountsCollectedForAggregationStatsBeta**](AccountsCollectedForAggregationStatsBeta.md) |  | [default to undefined]
**identity** | [**IdentityDeletedIdentityBeta**](IdentityDeletedIdentityBeta.md) |  | [default to undefined]
**account** | [**AccountUncorrelatedAccountBeta**](AccountUncorrelatedAccountBeta.md) |  | [default to undefined]
**changes** | [**Array&lt;IdentityAttributesChangedChangesInnerBeta&gt;**](IdentityAttributesChangedChangesInnerBeta.md) | A list of one or more identity attributes that changed on the identity. | [default to undefined]
**attributes** | **{ [key: string]: any; }** | The attributes of the account. The contents of attributes depends on the account schema for the source. | [default to undefined]
**entitlementCount** | **number** | The number of entitlements associated with this account. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**campaign** | [**CampaignGeneratedCampaignBeta**](CampaignGeneratedCampaignBeta.md) |  | [default to undefined]
**certification** | [**CertificationSignedOffCertificationBeta**](CertificationSignedOffCertificationBeta.md) |  | [default to undefined]
**trackingNumber** | **string** | The reference number of the provisioning request. Useful for tracking status in the Account Activity search interface. | [default to undefined]
**sources** | **string** | One or more sources that the provisioning transaction(s) were done against.  Sources are comma separated. | [default to undefined]
**action** | **string** | Origin of where the provisioning request came from. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**recipient** | [**ProvisioningCompletedRecipientBeta**](ProvisioningCompletedRecipientBeta.md) |  | [default to undefined]
**requester** | [**ProvisioningCompletedRequesterBeta**](ProvisioningCompletedRequesterBeta.md) |  | [optional] [default to undefined]
**accountRequests** | [**Array&lt;ProvisioningCompletedAccountRequestsInnerBeta&gt;**](ProvisioningCompletedAccountRequestsInnerBeta.md) | A list of provisioning instructions to perform on an account-by-account basis. | [default to undefined]
**fileName** | **string** | A name for the report file. | [default to undefined]
**ownerEmail** | **string** | The email address of the identity that owns the saved search. | [default to undefined]
**ownerName** | **string** | The name of the identity that owns the saved search. | [default to undefined]
**query** | **string** | The search query that was used to generate the report. | [default to undefined]
**searchName** | **string** | The name of the saved search. | [default to undefined]
**searchResults** | [**SavedSearchCompleteSearchResultsBeta**](SavedSearchCompleteSearchResultsBeta.md) |  | [default to undefined]
**signedS3Url** | **string** | The Amazon S3 URL to download the report from. | [default to undefined]
**uuid** | **string** | Source unique identifier for the identity. UUID is generated by the source system. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**id** | **string** | The unique ID of the source. | [default to undefined]
**nativeIdentifier** | **string** | Unique ID of the account on the source. | [default to undefined]
**sourceId** | **string** | The ID of the source. | [default to undefined]
**sourceName** | **string** | The name of the source. | [default to undefined]
**identityId** | **string** | The ID of the identity that is correlated with this account. | [default to undefined]
**identityName** | **string** | The name of the identity that is correlated with this account. | [default to undefined]
**name** | **string** | The user friendly name of the source. | [default to undefined]
**type** | **string** | The connection type of the source. | [default to undefined]
**created** | **string** | The date and time the status change occurred. | [default to undefined]
**connector** | **string** | The connector type used to connect to the source. | [default to undefined]
**actor** | [**SourceUpdatedActorBeta**](SourceUpdatedActorBeta.md) |  | [default to undefined]
**deleted** | **string** | The date and time the source was deleted. | [default to undefined]
**modified** | **string** | The date and time the source was modified. | [default to undefined]
**application** | [**VAClusterStatusChangeEventApplicationBeta**](VAClusterStatusChangeEventApplicationBeta.md) |  | [default to undefined]
**healthCheckResult** | [**VAClusterStatusChangeEventHealthCheckResultBeta**](VAClusterStatusChangeEventHealthCheckResultBeta.md) |  | [default to undefined]
**previousHealthCheckResult** | [**VAClusterStatusChangeEventPreviousHealthCheckResultBeta**](VAClusterStatusChangeEventPreviousHealthCheckResultBeta.md) |  | [default to undefined]



## Enum: TriggerExampleInputBetaStatusBeta


* `Success` (value: `'Success'`)

* `Failed` (value: `'Failed'`)

* `Terminated` (value: `'Terminated'`)



